docs(waku): adds furps for communities over Waku (#18485)
status-im/status-desktop: docs/FURPS/communities.md

# Requirements for Status Communities — FURPS

These requirements are written with the Logos stack in mind, without associating a particular protocol to each requirement.

## Functionality

> - **Community messages** (channel posts, updates) must be sent and received via the **Messaging protocol**.
> - The Community will be described in the **Community Description**
>   - See Annex A below for the list of properties of the Community Description
> - The Community Description must be stored on the **Storage Protocol**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Community messages** (channel posts, updates) must be exchanged between users of the community in a real-time.
- The Community will be described in the **Community Description**
  - See Annex A below for the list of properties of the Community Description
- The Community Description must be available to all users of the community. Only the community owner can update the community description.
```

You just replaced Waku and Codex with "Messaging Protoocl or Storage Protocol". My suggestion was to focus on the actual functionality you want. I don't think you, or your users, care what kind of protocol is used.
